Modal Selects (#7804)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/change-log/2025-09-10-more-modal-components.md

---
title: "Adding More Modal Components!"
date: "2025-09-10"
topics:
- "Interactions"
- "Components"
---

> We've added more components to modals! All selects (User, Role, Mentionable, Channel) are now fully supported in modals. In order to use a select in a modal it must be placed inside a [Label](/docs/components/reference#label) component. We've also added the [Text Display](/docs/components/reference#text-display) component with markdown support as a top level component in modals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added more components to modals! All select menus (User, Role, Mentionable, Channel) are now fully supported in modals. In order to use a select menu in a modal, it must be placed inside a [Label](/docs/components/reference#label) component. We've also added the [Text Display](/docs/components/reference#text-display) component with markdown support as a top-level component in modals.
```
